Add `dangerously-unoptimized` loader for next/image (#26847)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

- [Imgix](https://www.imgix.com): `loader: 'imgix'`
- [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com): `loader: 'cloudinary'`
- [Akamai](https://www.akamai.com): `loader: 'akamai'`

> - Static: uses image from url mentioned in `src` parameter without optimization
>   `loader: 'static'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dangerously-unoptimized: uses image from url mentioned in `src` parameter without optimization (only needed with `next export` or when the built-in `_next/image` optimizer can not be leveraged)
  `loader: 'dangerously-unoptimized'`
```

Let's rename this to `dangerously-unoptimized` to stress the image will no longer be automatically optimized when this loader is leveraged.
